Feature addition of UDP Hole Punching to mosh

* What is it

Many firewalls allow UDP outbound and inbound responses.  If the
most-server is listening behind such a firewall mosh-client can't
reach it directly.  However, if the server sends out a UDP packet on
the bound socket to the client (who may or may not receive it) then
the firewall will retain an opening for any subsequent packets sent
from client to server.

* How it works

The original work was done by Philipp Klenze:

 - https://github.com/klenze/mosh
 - https://github.com/keithw/mosh/pull/287
 - http://www.mail-archive.com/mosh-devel@mit.edu/msg00008.html

and reintegrated after mosh development changed enough to make his
patch no longer apply.

The basic mechanism is for mosh-server to listen on a pipe for
messages of the form: "<ipnumber> <port>" and then send a packet to
that destination.  The pipe is a file =/tmp/.mosh_<PID>= named after
the server's process ID.  This PID is printed by the server on start
up and so available to the initial invoking process.

To inject such a message something needs access to the pipe file.
Initially, Klenze solves this by using a custom script (see his email
above) to replace the usual =mosh= script to start the client and
server.  It writes a small secondary script that will SSH to the
server to inject the client's IP/port (based on =SSH_CONNECTION= being
set by the SSH server).  The idea is to run this generated script on
the client side at start up and whenever the client roams.  Klenze
started hooks in mosh-client to run this script from there but they
were left as stubs.

Normally mosh-client binds to an unspecific port for sending.  For
this mechanism to work this port has to be known by the updating
scripts so it can be reported to the server.  The mosh-client is
modified to allow setting the client port on the command line (Klenze
originally used an environment variable).

* Caveats

This method is not full-proof and will fail if the server can not be
notified of a usable IP and port of the client.  Potential modes of
failure include:

 - The client is behind NAT and the client's port is not the same as
   the one the NAT router exposes.

 - The IP number as reported by the environment variable
   =SSH_CONNECTION= is not the external IP.  

This last one can happen if the mosh server is not directly accessed
by the SSH connection, for example if an intermediate SSH server was
first accessed.  

